Update 11-Decomp.md (#106)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/11-Decomp.md

Reviewer: Can you move this towards the bottom of the document instead of at the top?

Also, give it one more read over to fix some of the spelling grammatical parts (like the extra parenthesis) here.
then re-request review.  We'll have to do one more round of changes afterwards at least.

but other times it happens because you don't know where to start,
which decomposition may help you to get started on your project.

### More about GObjects

> Curious about what you can do with GObject?
> Jump into this comprehensive guide for a deeper understanding.
> Whether you're a beginner or seeking advanced insights,
> this resource offers practical explanations and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Curious about what you can do with `GObject`s?
Eric Roberts (who helped create ACM) has created some great resources
with practical explanations and examples.
```

> Visit the [GObject](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GObject.html#:~:text=move(double%20dx%2C%20double%20dy,displacements%20given%20in%20polar%20coordinates)) link to explore further whenever you need assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example,
[see the API reference GObjects and movePolar](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GObject.html#:~:text=move(double%20dx%2C%20double%20dy,displacements%20given%20in%20polar%20coordinates))
if you need further assistance.
```

Good luck!

> ## Learn about more in general

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## I want to learn more in general
```
